README.md, before:

# Restify

A modern REST API client for developers.

## Overview

Restify is a desktop application built with Electron and React that helps developers test and interact with REST APIs. It provides a clean, intuitive interface for making API requests, organizing collections, and visualizing responses.

## Features

- Intuitive interface for creating and sending REST API requests
- Support for all HTTP methods (GET, POST, PUT, DELETE, etc.)
- Request organization with collections and folders
- Response visualization with syntax highlighting
- Environment variables and request parameterization
- Request history tracking

## Development

### Prerequisites

- Node.js 16+
- npm 7+

### Setup

```bash
# Clone the repository
git clone https://github.com/yourusername/restify.git
cd restify

# Install dependencies
npm install
```

### Running in Development Mode

```bash
npm start
```

### Building for Production

```bash
npm run package
```

This will create platform-specific installers in the `release` directory.

## Scripts

- `npm start` - Start the application in development mode
- `npm run package` - Build the application for production
- `npm run lint` - Run the linter
- `npm run test` - Run tests

## License

MIT

Commit message:

Update .gitignore and README.md for macOS notarization support
- Added AuthKey_8NB8R9F6K2.p8 to .gitignore to prevent accidental inclusion.
- Included MacOS_NOTARIZATION.md in .gitignore for documentation management.
- Updated README.md to include instructions for macOS notarization process, enhancing clarity for users.

README.md, after:

# Restify

A modern REST API client for developers.

## Overview

Restify is a desktop application built with Electron and React that helps developers test and interact with REST APIs. It provides a clean, intuitive interface for making API requests, organizing collections, and visualizing responses.

## Features

- Intuitive interface for creating and sending REST API requests
- Support for all HTTP methods (GET, POST, PUT, DELETE, etc.)
- Request organization with collections and folders
- Response visualization with syntax highlighting
- Environment variables and request parameterization
- Request history tracking

## Development

### Prerequisites

- Node.js 16+
- npm 7+

### Setup

```bash
# Clone the repository
git clone https://github.com/yourusername/restify.git
cd restify

# Install dependencies
npm install
```

### Running in Development Mode

```bash
npm start
```

### Building for Production

```bash
npm run package
```

This will create platform-specific installers in the `release` directory.

### macOS Notarization

For distributing on macOS, notarization is required to avoid security warnings:

```bash
npm run package:mac:notarized
```

For more detailed instructions on notarization, see [macOS Notarization Guide](docs/MacOS_NOTARIZATION.md).

## Scripts

- `npm start` - Start the application in development mode
- `npm run package` - Build the application for production
- `npm run package:mac:notarized` - Build, sign, and notarize for macOS distribution
- `npm run lint` - Run the linter
- `npm run test` - Run tests

## License

MIT
